Hi,

We are putting together some lessons for data scientists who want to improve
their software development skills, and would be very grateful if you could take
a few minutes to tell us what we've got right, what's missing, and what we've
included that you've never needed.  The outline is online at:

    https://merely-useful.github.io/still-magic/

It assumes that learners are already familiar with Python or R, the Unix shell,
and Git --- basically, the material in Software Carpentry's workshops --- and
introduces:

- automating analyses using Make
- unit testing
- testing data analysis pipelines
- logging and configuration
- publishing a static web site with GitHub Pages
- using a branch-per-feature workflow with Git
- setting up continuous integration with Travis-CI
- good programming style and documentation
- refactoring to improve code quality
- how to organize the files in a medium-sized project
- making a project inclusive
- creating and managing packages
- 21st Century publishing

We'd appreciate feedback on all of it --- you can email us, or file issues or
submit PRs at https://github.com/merely-useful/still-magic/ --- but we are
particularly interested in knowing:

1. In 2-3 bullets, what are your primary responsibilities?  E.g., "clean data",
   "write short scripts to do particular analyses", "develop new algorithms for
   data analysis", etc.

2. What kinds of data do you work with, and how do you manage it?  E.g., "I
   download CSV files of financial transactions from an internal server every
   day", "I store SQL queries for the hospital database in scripts that I put
   under version control", etc.

3. Which of the topics in the outline above are simply not relevant to your
   work, and why?  E.g., "I never create web sites, even for myself", "I never
   share Git repositories with other people", "What's Make?", etc.

4. What do you do or use for software development that isn't included?  E.g.,
   "I use Docker every day", "I use knitr all the time", etc.

5. What *didn't* you know at the start of your Insight Data Science fellowship
   about building and using software that would have been most useful to know?

Finally, if you would be willing to chat for 15-20 minutes at some point in the
next couple of weeks about your answers, it would be a great help - please let
us know.

Thanks again for your time,

Greg Wilson
http://third-bit.com
